brother get out your feelings lol
rt : manan dund xaragdax ter uuliin oroid minii aav xezee neg cagt zogsoj baisan ... photo by
why these niggers think they doing something
it's about more than number brother , and i'm not talking about statistics i'm talking about skill level
yes omg i don't want him feeling unappreciated or stuff like that
lmao the whole time actually .. we need to start our own team " : y'all were wilding last night yoh :d niya ja "
rt : saying " kau aku " with couple is actually sweet .
k michelle met you match that fonk
rana samaha , ignore all the criticism . a spotlight can never see the shadows anyways you're flawless
boko haram : shettima warns nigerian leaders over politicization of chibok abduction - "
rt : and in that moment , karma realized she was hell of a lot of gay for her best friend
not you because you chilling with me
kardashia kardashian died because her ass was too big hahah
nigger summation classified directory : high grille for the online game : atd
lexx little cute ass woke up mad as hell lol
green day , paramore , yellow card , fall out boy
" : is that minho beside taemin ? " omo ~ looks like him o.o
rt : smtown artists with exo d.o.
photoset : flintandpyrite : ume , by andrea rangel [ knits for spring ]
because that's going to happen .. lol
need to revisit their thameslink bid . the moorgate route closed years ago .
icons da demi sem psd no the x factor x8
you don't . i'm the king of sweg
haha that's funny , but not every girl is darling '
rt : imran khan saying really true about pmln
and you'll always be my heros who can always make me smile even when i " m in the saddest mood ever xxc
lol what he tripping on
rt : xabi alonso just achieved stratospheric heights of coolness .
lmaoo my fault you i'm going to let you get your shine
" : james and i say hi with a dog tenerezza omg
hawt like " omg can my husband please look like you or can i have your babies "
rt : i miss going to mansion elan ery weekend . i'm going to start back going doe
facts brother this baby face ain't helping nothing lmao
can i have him yet or no . ughh
rt : hyoyeon yuri nd day kobe by rebecca
crowdfunding roundup : a late spring flowering of projects : every week , tuaw provides readers with an update o ...
mayweather needs to fight paquiao
that would be amazing i'm actually excited to see what it will look like . so its happening when the lawn area get done ?
" : lol who about to come way out there come get me & bring me back we'll come " lol . i forgot you moved . canal then .
lol .... " apple forgets to renew ssl certificate , breaking os x software update "
i know i'd rather someone unfollow me than mute me like what
ohhh my poor zac take good care of yourself ~ ~
kimberley walsh confirms cheryl cole's britain's got talent appearance : contactmusic . comkimberley walsh confir ...
rt : exo is practising for concert
lol you still in school shut up
he wants to get bigger than parth lmfao
rt : chanyeol is so caring . omg be mine please ;;
nothing just chilling , imy you don't fuck with a thug no more lol !
udah lama nda " how about it , how about that .. "
lol i know i just took them real quick i wasn't thinking the order
daily follower . unfollowers . just unfollow doesn't miss a trick -via
i'm going to do it after graduation lol
rt : second time this shit crashed on the piff , so we on sound cloud with it
: genji sports pop up family beach tent and beach sunshelter genji sports pop up fami ...
titan baseball beats brv to advance to county championship tri tomorrow pm .
rt : jumpseat radio : combat ready firefighting with tony kelleher repost
i added a video to a playlist plg | sensual toribash ep . let's tango
: wildfires turkey feather fletching for archery arrows do it yourself pheasant feathers for arro ...
where the mj though ? lol
. luke hemmings from sos , i love you so much , please follow me . you are everything to me . please !!
dude you never gave me the kik or snapchat
you'll sea ? lmfao okay bean eating head ass .
morning exercise paakyat ng thunderbird
i love you phil of the future i love everything about you
rt : nao superei ainda this is for niall e vcs
rt : wara man talaga forever niyata ano una mo imortal ka ? hahahahahahhahaha
hot music : mariah carey - meteorite ( q - meteorite ( q-tip's version ) mariah carey q-tip has ...
ohh i feel you haha
so is writing a book about jay z and beyonce ? telling someone else's " secrets " for money . shows how low some people will stoop
fast forward to june please para makapag ipon na hahahahahah lol
thank you liam for asking louis what flavor harry is i'm so jskcosnxoancoamxis ahhhhh salt and vinegar
rt : don't take it personal kid . caroline wozniacki breaks silence on rory mcilroy breakup
rt : boakwon instagram update with exo and suju siwon & donghae
" : more n forehead ft . hyuk " thanks for that <3
spiderman carnage mask rb lom ama ongkir ready stock
rt : running with who do you think is faster
nicki minaj slick went from brown skin to light skin over the years
rt : if you don't fuck with dunny gage then fuck your life
" : last day of school gonna have people like ... "
the . bad pastor . impostors so loves a lot to jesus the people can intercesion for he for the soul people wilshire itq
hehe . stay strong . k swim sauna post work now beer . work tomorrow .
terserah :( " exoffical_ : suho gave a teddy bear and took a selca with a fan : < "
rt : tazz needa quit it with that last quote lol she don't live that life
why the fuck did i think i was scheduled today ? am i on crack lmao what
my top artists : girls aloud ( ) , christina aguilera ( ) & kylie minogue ( )
how he top scorer and the offense ain't around at least him lol that don't make sense ... that mean he jacking then lol
rt : kompany going up to yaya toure after he found out he wanted to leave
first class thing ! see wizkid and banky w having fun on plane(photos ) via
the old bargin giant would make a good entertainment center
nah you too ! don't lovey dovey on the stage with chan hyung ! fighting !
she is still president so whatever she says is valid " : section sikugwirizana ndi zomwe jb akukamba apa shaah "
finally a perfect header of bae
i'm laughing what the heck hi tarra omg how are you sparkles
rt : [ preview ] suga at haneda airport ( cr . bts7thheaven )
tamara deja de rt las cosas nenaaaaa a
rt : exo won best selling korean act in wma ! omg . congratulations boys !
rt : makeup , bras and tampons should be free . i didn't choose the vagina life . or to be ugly . wtf
always had a thing for them hood niggers . slowly growing out of that though .
rage and symphonic orchestra prague - all this time lirik dan terjemahan
david coulthard from at the beginning of the program in the kitchen looks like gordon ramsey xd
rt : sean , darragh and i , in croke park ! unbelievable weekend !
carcillo is the epitome of jabroni .
:30 and i'm still feeling it
ahahaha i tagged the wrong person lmao
haha :) . please don't cry because if you start so will i :(
brewers pitcher yovani gallardo delivers walk-off double to beat orioles
rt : now is when i wish i had a bae ugh
rt : niall on stage at croke park -
last night the portland gang enforcement unit was prowling near trader joe's . looking for the nob hill crips ? glisan st. locos ?
halaaa ! diba you're from italy pa ? awww :( hahaha .
photo : what do i wear : maison martin margiela resort collection photo : style
cdfu his cousin which is my brother
uofl coach walz becomes assistant . coach for u-18 fiba team - , ky ....
i'm down , just wondering how i'm going to get there . lol because i get off at .
just calm down babygirl . i'm about to text you .
hope you have fun getting your blood work done i didn't .. and ps its freezing in there
bramblewood : adorable n . raleigh ranch !
rt : niall at croke park tonight !
rt : demi lovato vs ariana grande retweet for demi favorite for ariana
niall !!! niall !!! niall !!! how are you ??? it would mean so much if you followed me please ilysm ekxh
falaknuma exp started on /04/2014 reached its destination hwh and was minutes late
i don't know if its you are the whiskey got me feeling all tipsy tipsy
rt : it all worked out niall .
i realy need to start meeting new people though
rt : rp . sekalian openheart for yeoja single . follow gua dulu , gua autofollback /8
oh shit , i'll take you to france one day no worries . f linda
rt : chanyeol picked kyungsoo up in his arms at the end of xoxo good lord help me
there's a mini shout out to you in my newest video . :d
rt : lmfao this suho banner deserves an award
going back to homestay d ..
rt : lana just snapchated me i can't breath a theeeekeofofwn i'm so happy & ; kf
never trust a guy you took from another nigger
my uncle doesn't particularly think gay marriage is a good idea and he doesn't like immigration and even he said he doesn't like uk/ip my hero
injured cook out of second odi : england captain alastair cook will miss sunday's second odi against sri lanka ...
hahahah yalla i think it's easy .... regardless :d
idk , i've never played lol i could be
whoever hurts a member of a horan family hurts everyone . get better greg . ily
rt : sean , darragh and i , in croke park ! unbelievable weekend !
rt : if bae doesn't lurk your tweets , bae is not bae .
wag na haha okay long yun no ;))
he talking about you shit face
: mm part magnetised anodized aluminium pollinator metal herb spice grinder mm ...
looool my yute you know nothing bought me yeeer !
rt : why do you wear that during a rehearsal i don't get your point sehun talk to me
rt : check out " mj feat . tommy redding she a bad chick " by mj the great -
thotler i'm not talking about you lmao
my new love orang gini . i lazy nk gaduh already . haha zzzzz
mari kita bongkaran ( at w/ others )
praise god . galing ng nangyare kay lance .
i'm glad of his wallpaper *_* haha
" : million followers wow :) thanks guys , that's freaking epic ! i love you x " it shouldn't have taken this long aww
perghhhh air laut macam air kat swimming pool !!!
atletico madrid complete signing of ' new sergio aguero ' angel correa ( so , will he play in the new kit ? )
st thang st you gotta to be ceo " s
pokes moving on to the natty against bama tomorrow ! gooch j'n putts
i find he has a good sense of humor and enjoy his tweets ,
rt : free ebook : naia the witch by carmen parets luque . free /28-6/2 !
rt : on a scale of to bhuth jolokia on the scoville scale , how much burn is lk advani feeling right now ?
khloe kardashian -- posing to prep for kim's wedding : khloe kardashian high-styled it outside paris friday ......
what the actual __ is the new profile . hashtag done with your ish twitter
ne lives by her rapper name though yg young greedy * hits crip walk
[ listen ] [ spotify ] sip slow - " fly and previs "
i liked a video duke dumont - i got you ( official video ) ft . jax jones
hahaha idk leh , don't keep your hopes up too high for that free meal though : i
lol there is " : there is no being " part time sfebe ""
rt : henrik lundqvist ties mike richter for most playoff shutouts in rangers history with
rt : can we please have a merch jacket that says team niall on the back
rt : okay livestream na with pao in awhile . nakakamiss !
salam . don't you think it has been a very long time since we communicated ? i've even sent you my mobile no and bah ? hope you are all fine
rt : i'm a dog . she a dog too .
rt : all these people favoriting and retweeting me , but no one sliding in my direct messages ??????
hahaha loved that x
rt : sriracha plant no longer considered public nuisance , irwindale council dismisses lawsuit
three spsl south teams - puyallup , bethel and beamer - in wcd softball semifinals .
dated . may . dn jai dep l :00 m hakeem inam ul haq jahania
[ official ] daum music bar : " tea time with apink " :: naeun
rt : nev my nigger ! the producer like god damn it nev !
rt : feeling this .. what do you think ? catchy ?
nike stefan janoski digi floral size with free digi floral large shirt
brother i just called your number and a mexican lady answered lol
rt : clay buchholz placed on -day dl
diarmuid o flynn " eliminated but a great campaign " . votes .
rt : wall and presta kkkkkk
luke robert hemmings . why wont you follow me ? i'm trying so fucking hard !!!
i'm not i swear to god i texted back last
rt : msl !!!!!!!!!!! take a -1 ecf series lead !!!!
rt : kilian jornet is the zegama champion in h48m40s !!!! new course record !!! congratulations !!!
so it was the coach game plan that caused him to airball that reserve layup ? foh
kaggs when you coming to liverpool ? so i can be away like ?
ok , i've been in a cave , but this is worth watching : lip sync battle with . j . gordon levitt , s . merchant & jimmy fallon
" you shocked me through and through ! you melted my heart ! "
meron kang the fault in our stars ? pahhheerraamm
rt : see a fuck nigger shoot a fuck nigger
bukit bintang in the morning :d
rt : little mix sold out the o2 arena they're not little muffins anymore they're the whole fucking bakery
" : this has gotta be the sweetest neighbor in singapore !! credits to " omg such neighbor
not at all sure but perhaps tvj or cvm or rjr ? don't know .
my dream last night has finalised the deal with cesc lol
don't utter a word about otherwise virus sir will kill you :v lol
... second most permanent foreign policy of any state . hamari jagah nepal bhi yahi karta .
rt : " no to kpop " is number trending worldwide because kpop stans themselves tweet that . well yeah
you're hot and beautiful as fuck a9lan you're human its not your job to be " perfect looking " everyday golelhum yaklo teben xoxoxxo
hahhahahahaha me and rio have to walk to the quay from mold hahaha
astaghfirullah . ham to farrukh bhai ke shehar islamabad ja rahe hain :p
rt : snapchat bffs will always get you into a pickle
oh to the my to the god , ohmygod ... hahaha
open follow for rp help retweet guys*19
rt : sayeng ' vuldemurt ' out lowd because you're an sassy wezird who can't be tamed .
this is beautiful thanks so much lololol
: just herbs ayurvedic pimple treatment kit just herbs ayurvedic pimple treatment kit ...
ehh ehh wait wait ~ jap kenal ain ?
i will go with you ... where we meet ?
nowplaying rocky balboa - migos feat . peewee long way
lakala me boy a dormir pq soy nene buen
espera eu me trocar e pegar algo p comer
did i photo bomb adrian or did he photo bomb me
i liked a video jhene aiko performs ' the worst '
nauso po ang quote tweet . learn to use it .
rt : gusto mo ng shout out & follow back ? tweet " save aina " x35 and retweet if done .
- listen to sunglasses dissing wiley when man had the white hat on freestyle xtra jheeze never forget that youtube video
idk what was more impressive pg24 finally going off or dwade hitting three pointers .
rt : to all my weequahic seniors y'all better kill the toast off today
new video filmed by me don d x big o x shot by hunnit film :
rt : person is typing .. person is typing .. person is typing .. person is typing .. person is offline * seret muka dekat dinding .
narendra modi arrives in his bullet proof bmw , arrives before am and will now meet pakistani prime minister
lol biggest flop ever . he's up there with adam morrison lol
" dreams are essential to life . " anais nin
late night crusing with big brother bok and daedae
i haven't got time to give it lessons lol just use adult work
blizz developer say their sexed up characters aren't " sending a message " -
rt : hu that hu that i g g y
oh god idk but i could eat all there corn bread and mashed potatoes ! lmao and there pies ! nom lol
rt : sos ' opening song is eighteen oh my god
rt : rt : beasiswa bisnis di aston university uk , mau ? :) ~
yes y'all are but y'all just keeping it on the low but its cool i'm not gone tell no one y'all touch my butt earlier
my thirsty ass trying to take a nap right now lol , i mean i go home at ???
i fuck with you , borderline stuck with you
. he can't as he is soon going out . abdullah abdullah expected to be president
they should make avengers ft . the punisher . animation series pun power sudah !
i know right ? melampau kot
black still quill they coming rt : who at your house
" watch dogs is going to be so much better than gta " lol : " watch dogs is going to be so much better than gta " lol
hahha eh yung the way manamit ? uhmmm
what even is the word bae it's so fucking dumb
lmao you think i'm going to get ticket off ? lmao
i done fucking with these viv girls
no all the dark homies got flustered because i used the and word towards kenn and joe lmao
jaylin : this one is interesting , because it's probably where : jaylin
i didn't get home until like past am last night and went to bed at am lmfao otl
i checked in at swsh shabu shabu on
" krugman on levitt on healthcare " free = rationed
you're the second person who said that haha you also okay ma still step smoking on snapchat
a life size poster of arsene wenger for your bedroom wall !!!!
haha ! lol ... " : please please nana , don't call me boss again . please !! "
" : got my tickets for mtl ! " sweet . see you there
a1 ) international matrix seems a2 ) up to minutes a3 ) unlimited data access ..
hahaha even the friends you think you have say you're a douche
nizamabad passenger started on /05/2014 reached its destination nzb and was minutes late
rt : watching episode haha " man's making tea with his own piss " quality
rt : " zouis are bad influences i'm leaving the fandom "
rt : " while everyone said " ne1 " chanyeol said : snsd are my seniors so i will vote for them pmsl
rt : million followers wow :) thanks guys , that's freaking epic ! i love you x
: under armour kids ' ua clean up low rm baseball cleats under armour kids ' ua clean you ...
music alert ! deitrick haddon - raining r.e.d. ( feat . clareta haddon-jackson ) on , the home of great gospel
rt : feeling this .. what do you think ? catchy ?
rt : [ trans ] suho is crying and now fans are chanting " don't cry don't cry "
i was slightly inehbriated when i switch hed to new twitter how do i undo this
i know a lot friendly ass niggers but act hard ,...
rt : vous aimez ? do you like this ?
" : favorite this and i'll indirect you but you'll have to guess which one is yours unless your brenna because i'll add her name in hers "
rt : omfg this storm wtf
being alone didn't mean that you didn't have any friend
rt : we remembering and praying for those that gave the ultimate sacrifice . god bless em . they with our savior jesus !
rt : that ronaldo pk was such an arod home run type of goal
rt : " omg can atl and sos tour together !! "
mmm speechless " : get down noma kunjani lol " : ndinani_ hay dear you strong going out kule weather ""
ok gan ntar ane sundul lg
bae's looking right today too lol
i want to watch law and order svu not law and order criminal intent . t
scrolling through twitter and hashtags is not market research ;) x
now spinning elephant man - shizzle my nizzle on union squad radio tunein or winamp app's
replied au :d " : tyaa cek dm yaw wkwk "
rt : mamodou sakho starts and captains france in their world cup warm up match against norway tonight . good luck sakho . gv
retweet this and vote !
just read a tweet and it made me say ew
certified scrummaster ( csm ) - augusta , ga
rt : [ engsub ] xoxo exo lay camera ( part ) ( part ) trans by double est
not even drew barrymoore was naked or when cameron diaz danced in her underwear lmfao
rt : yosh followers instagram promo follow instagram : rb via pulsa xl proses -2 hari pin : b806641
rt : happy saturday night all . gue mau for western rp . only you ? *
some say i'm trifling sometimes i rightfully am , but idgaf i'm going to leave you right where you stand
you should have asked people to checkbox their privelege . or their privilage . or their priv[any vowel]l[any other vowel]ge .
rt : for all kpopers especially . elf exostan bana army starlight . jfb juseyo ~
" go talk to your side niggers . " -side nigger .
acura tsx jdm oem style clear fog lights , switch
rt : selfie : eden hazard uploads a selfie with his belgium team-mates !
htc one s t-mobile clean esn imei good for activations rooted no os
: lieder ohne worte ( songs without words ) , book , op . : no . in e flat major , op . /1 : lieder ohne wort ...
awwww good luck to her :) :) get selfies x
meilleures ventes - : izak of lapland : izak of lapland maya angelou ( auteur ) , l ... store
if young thug gay ... i guess kanye & asap rocky gay too lol just b/c somebody want to be different . they gay ? lol
but who is this tatted lightskinned trey songs looking mother fucker ?
i was real angry . no one is taking my bae and my theoretical baby from me hehe
rappers really think they can do anything lol swinging at money mayweather
idk you & all you do is be an asshole in my mentions lol . how you trying to be my friend acting up
ain't that the true ! if i was habs coach i be swearing worse than a sailor hahaha
diaporama : after seen a fan shaking a banana at him x
rt : looking for bae with my ..
clonedvd studio free avi to ipod convert
delhi daredevils last won at sharjah on -4-2014 , since then have lost consecutive games ( all in india & at feroz shah kotla )
i just saw a prettier version nicki minaj :)
boroko haboyo and there's so much trash i'm thinking about , i can't study . wena ? rt : ha o robale ?? kaygeo
good night lmfaooo this homework shit ain't working for me .
if i can't afford the real deal , i ain't buying nothing fake .. i just won't have it
rt : * on a roller coaster * other people ; " ahhh ! wooohoo ! " me : " holy shit . omg omg omg omg omg i'm going to die!'
rt : desain kamar cewek manis - nice girl teenage room design ideas
rt : i keep telling you niggers ... lifting weights don't teach you how to fight . lol
sneak this man that's going to hurt you
yay so much fun . just kidding
rt : gah dazzling girl jonghyun is more dazzling than any girl
happy birthday to my lovely angel , and i wish you long life and prosperity ........ and wish you all the good tinz that life has to offer .
tips to tell your friends or office mate that he/she has deadly body odor ang baho mo teh !
rt : bullshit if jb wasn't band there is no way in hell they will be
rt : i feel like i been getting all the signs to fall back and that's exactly what i'm about to do with oomfs
testi from my lovely cust {} thank you dear !
niggers get mad when they lose and start taking shots lol
the looking like the tonight ... but you better not count the out yet though .
sell chicharito , keep welbz & put him on left of -3-3 he says he likes that but not left of -4-2
jessica snsd doesn't like fruit , and her phobia with cucumber
lol they give no fucks . they out there trying to out thot each other . " : fab out there calling y'all thots lol "
. j&k people have suffered in spite of & not due to lack of art which provdes protection to pol ldrs on issues of accountability .
who gets rejected from mcdonalds ? lol
rt : when you see bae tweeting someone else
are you sure it was not optimus prime on one of his after party runs ?
search for on twitter and instagram for more pictures ! rechercher des lancomegrandiose sur ...
t : viafo_share_twitter r : -05-26t :33:04 . vsg share
happy sunday my special people around the global ..... grace for you all .
i'm about to type it up
the weeknd x montreal
rt : hq - niall no palco :
rt : the fuck was i thinking
i'm at momo cha milk tea & cafe ( bekasi ) w/ others
rt : our first cancer survivorship compendium for healthcare providers
your future are good ! keep it up melanie . make it happen ! aku doakan :)
la smooth dipsomaniac be sensible of in order to sharepoint under way ipad : kky
rt : westbrook basically lebron when he hot
i'm good how about you ? :) btw we always talk and everything but idk your name :(
: sodo tek tm replacment ac adapter power supply for hp photosmart e-all-in-one printer + required power ...
tetap salut untuk atletico . simeone won my heart , no matter what the final result !
rt : don't forget to wake up for salah
can you open the link and read this ? te amo camila mi amor x40
congratulations & omg !!! thank you thank you !!!!
a little bit of days lol xd yes lol
ticketless but i don't care
rt : this fu fu lame shit i ain't with it .
rt : masso wants the d
rt : dari -9 lcw comeback -16 respect
yes i am hehe . of course unnie ! what are your fandoms btw ? :)
rt : trying to get in touch with kapala and help him out
lmaoo he went super saiyan
omg i still know that was happening song lyrics its been like years omg
rt : i'm just happy there's no school on monday tbh
i hate you rt'd that and made me click on their bitch ass page .. lol
lol , yay me . how's the little ones ??
grand cafe sante avenida de los boliches , , fuengirola . the home of the famous ' apple strudel '
webpage marketing using seo , backlinking and ppc management , visit us today !
rt : i am hardwell - hour hd liveset giveaway : via
the bff is moving close to me you know that means turn up ;)
" : this is the real zayn malik that we love and know "
miller takes fourth walk-off loss as skid hits nine .. red sox major league baseball
i'm at the chocolate bar ( kuwait city , hawalli governorate ) w/ others
rt : " rain is a good thing " lol do you not remember last year ???
story of my life haha
rt : demi lovato with fans outside itv studios in london - may th
rt : [ preview ] luhan xiumin mbc idol futsal championship ( cr : loveholic )
rt : dressing room shenanigans ! with harry styles
rt : if bae can't roll bomb ass blunts then that's not bae
feels good to be me lol
okay i'm going to help you . first , take a selfie . then .... run !!!
salute to my bae for serving our country and looking sexy doing it
back to reality . meh ( cyberia townvilla )
hs biggest fan is camila cabello
rt : udah malem , for rp sampe limit wkwkwkwkwk
smh , lol i heard them talking to you .. but no fr i was sleep .. they kept , saying something about andrew lol
rt : bom's reaction after lee hi does aegyo ! too much bom ? lol
do not talk to me when i'm listening to bachata . please & thank you .
rt : idk why samantha ain't wifed up yet . she would be the perfect girlfriend . she'll roll the weed and grab your booty .
rt : <3 love is in the air nananana na hahahaha
rt : i hope today : no mood breaker . no fake people . yes mood booster . :)
market watch first take : apple needs beats deal to revive itunes market watch
rt : don't trust ebay brother
kahli trying to join the fam
rt : aww hoya's video message to seo in guk to support his fan meet in taiwan
hiiii i have a doctors appointment so i'm missing some classes :) what's up .
ahh ofc bbo !! i'll let you know when i get them ~
rt : new dubstep from me coming out in like minutes , retweet this for awareness !!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol .. you funny ,. you know you not on that list .. i only trust about people .. and you're
rt : retweet for justin bieber favorite for the dolce and gabbana model
she gonna see by this time next year , we gonna kill it .
boys are fucking idiots forever don't listen to them
ang boring mo axel , tulog na zzzz
how are best friends so kind and say really meaningful stuff to each other lmao when i see my best friend i'm like what's up fat ass
rt : for rp . retweet jsy
nah i'm going to be in the lexus probably why what's up ?
i want some god damn serena and darion relation but they're like , nah son , you ain't getting any
rt : my type is hot boys that look like homeless methamphetamine addicts but still take showers everyday and aren't actually addicted to methamphetamine
no lol d wade is my favorite player but he's just cocky about everything
bizarre that my school friend is dave marsden & has the in this exact same color
rt : -just timberlake -david beckham -liam payne aka the triplets
baby coming back for you one day haha i love this song ahahahaa
hahaha go settle that craving . goodnight . see you when i see you
invite me to ucr when beyonces there yaaass
days episode wad vvvvvvvv good thanks for not showing barkat really pissed off with her
rt : found it : that nigger swerving the whip
and i'm and i have a htc g
idc i'll put that selfie after exam when i'm in the mood
lol i'm actually eating curry shrimp and rice as we speak
rt : pagi for rp . bantu retweet
up going to the th okc don't want to win this one
rt : dressing room shenanigans ! with harrystyles
rt : i'm just carried away .. so many epal athar
mehehhe | days before nashlene's th anniversary | we're proud of sharlene | jailene loves you
rt : i live for james francos dirty unshaven selfies
i say whatever comes to mind that's just how i am so if you don't want to hear it doesn't listen or ask for my opinion
i'm % sure that i'm as healthy as a bear so your loss
: kobe bryant , phil jackson , shaq shaquille o'neal , gary payton , and karl malone nba los angeles lakers x10 ...
haha what you doing though
happy th birthday you yin !!! hope you have a great day :) and happy anniversary !!!
rt : if you don't get a selfie before you go out then you're not even out
" bitch i'm m from tecs sus "
scottish labor unable to stop ukip winning eu seat in scotland .
rt : sarah silverman took xanax a day as a -year-old .
aap myth will be broken in next assembly polls : udit raj - zee news
i screamed so freaking ' loud when a bug flew on my shoulder . uggh . eww . :|
field update from riaz khalil : " americares rehab work in region for seven health facilities is % ...
rt : top singles da semana : ellie goulding - beating heart :
traffic update : as of :45 am , along chino roces from gil puyat to a . arnaiz ( m ) , opposite direction ( lm ) .
rt : for rp . jfb yaa
rt : you're only allowed to make fun of justin bieber if you're a belieber sorry .
" : " : " : . that mammaye song you always sing " don't even know the song " are you denying your locale nw ?
mxm giving out money you don't have ! hai ! worst or best feeling ??
rt : " : is stunning in this " thanks celine ! happy friday !
hahah mere texted me this and she's like " they're outside calling your name "
" : hahahah ya i'm not a drinker anymore " lies
waiting to watch xmen - days of the future past .. :)
it's better than starving brother " : what if i tell you your certificate will only put food on your table ? and not make you really rich "
[ official ] shinee official site update special message from one
boyfriend : gale best friend : frodo from : london who you are katniss everdeen
rt : with actor presly chapa for buy and direct download online , netflix
rt : fav : let's take a selfie on your phone you : cherry mobile lang bh3 e
rt : yao ming assembling group of chinese investors to make a bid on ros angeres crippers .
shes dead ... no shes not ... is she ? i don't know geoff !!!
ya moms was sweating me the other day lol
wine pon it , bruk it off ! do di , bend you back and touch you toe .
: apple ma254ll/a , w magsafe power adapter ( for macbook and -inch macbook pro ) ap ...
no i don't follow back accounts that i wont speak to , as you can tell , i only follow back phan or atl accounts sorry
i've heard , but i would like to try it for myself before passing final judgment lol
chisaki was my favorite but then miuna got awesomer
rt there has not been a player under as good as waynerooney since i became a manager here in . -- fabio capello mufc
that sounds pretty nice tbf . but seriously ... where you getting it ?!
new love mei mm ultra thin metal bumper case for htc one max t6 $9.50
branford , ct coastal wx data at :00 overcast - mist outdoortemp - f hum97 pct avg windspeed mph - e
rt : my family doesn't even know i do a shit ton if methamphetamine haha
kaos cupcake , orenjy , dll . idr rb . cek . reseller welcome . pin : a98eebc
: gopro flat + curved adhesive mounts gopro flat + curved adhesive mountsby gopro155% ...
inf : gwyneth paltrow : celebs facing ' dehumanizing ' web comments almost like soldiers in war : t ...
so kanye is now officially a kardashian ?? this couple is is just nonsense lol
rt : ' i've been writing down facts about me , just in case i forget ' michael clifford
rt : lol ay makalahlwe nyan " : is she sleeps with her mouth open "
a bird really shit on me as i was about to tweet smh
brassard is back centering for pouliot and zuccarello , miller joins fourth line with boyle/dorsett , d . moore centering nash/kreider
rt : zayn & louis is still a worldwide trend ? guys just let it go ffs i'm pretty sure we all tired of this issue
hell you ., i might watch you watching doe
lol bet & nigger what you do with the nd blunt you had rolled saturday ?? we never smoked it
don't speak in english i'm panic you know what i mean ;) hahahaha
rt : shailene woodley drawing love
rt : camikum . open follow for rp ye baru balik dr long hiatus > < retweet jsy
thank you man , i need to ask around to see if anyone seen it i really need it back x
acesse o wings of tech :
rt : i got money my bitch bad my niggers loyal and i associate with real niggers .. i'm the real mvp !!!
lmao nigger was selling a walker , only on th
sawtell temperature c , wind ssw knots , rain mm , humidity % , dewpoint
about to ice my achilles again before i go to sleep
d family gone wild here he is still a cupcake niall and selena zayn & louis
we have this love/hate relationship hahahaha ( x
he looks like some bad boy wtf wtf wtf wtf wtf wtf i didn't ask for this
robertson v . state of indiana , /28/14 : a successful batson challenge !
narendra modi`s cabinet : list likely to be sent to president today : with stage set for narendra modi`s swearing ...
epson workforce wireless all-in-one color inkjet printer , copier , scanner , fax , ios/tablet/smartphone/airprint c
come on ... is it that god has left us & the church for facebook ? have you noticed how people now bring all their prolems ,...
rt : zayn enjoying the roller coaster that is life :) x
ewa man gd ni akong utok maka think ug things oi bullshit
something tells me you're subtweeting creek view ?
rt : jelena is a bitch lol .
nope i searched bangtan during pre-deb because of baromxkookie resemblance l o l
yh but there are opinions and being biased
you about to get turned up again ??? lol
haha yeah you're telling me ! like yay sex but no sex bc that's the devil . ( it's a christian wedding )
the offspring - want you bad : venga le digo ...
if you would have gave me a ticket i would have !
tweets about the cryme ?
since year my crush on ashanti ain't left lmao
man henny will change your whole fucking life see you !!!
i'm so hungry but idk what i want to eat
(( it's really boring tbh . lol . they also put on some jokes but it is still corny . lmao ))
: ambi pur volution plug in device device only ambi pur volution plug in device dev ...
kearny garage door kearny , nj % discounts on all type of garage door kearny garage doors & openers
check out guilty crown x figure strap color colle shu ouma inori gai ayase tsugumi new via ebay
[ bot ] minho laughs loudest from all shinee members , and taemin is the quietest
rt : unfollow me please " : y'all think spongebob ever beats gary ? "
uan : well dressed , acts cute tmh : wears punk clothes , acts dorky wwa : bad ass clothes , dick grabbing , hip thrusting
now playing : capital cities - safe and sound ( markus schulz vs . grube & hovsepian remix )
rt : chanyeol suho sehun from tonyselznick ins
rt : be careful you don't ' comment ' ' like ' ' retweet ' ' repost ' and ' selfie ' your life away .
whenever you trying to go to game stop today lmk
rt : beasiswa utk bassist di musicians institute hollywood usa :d
rt : - france ifop projection : fn % ump % ps % udi-modem % eelv % fdg %
rt : playing with lego's when i got home from school > watching dragonball z
rt : this is inhumane zayn malik is not a human he is zayn malik
and again .... gnocchi cakes with broccoli rabe . eating vegetarian at work today . eataly nyc
wtf is wesley's icon i mean i know what it is but wtf
rt : half a million in my duffel bag ! now i'm riding in my duramax .
omg can i just say your icon one you're pretty and your shirt i want i want
rt : when you accidentally open a conversation you were avoiding
nicki minaj - high school ft . little wayne
we are -2 third map and matty goes afk lul
rt : [ fantaken ] zelo loe taiwan ( see . cherry blossom | do not edit )
final tomorrow and we never had ams or homework so how much we get in this is the total we get ever ..
rt : i don't get involved with people still obsessed with their exs
lol because everyone in our group chat heard loud music near all our houses & thought there were a ton of ragers but really it was just smf ....
rt : nengok wayeee ( golden screen cinemas ( gsc ) - w/ )
rt : best on screen chemistry to klaroline . because klaus will be her last
i'm adding this in for all the people how like jack the killr
rt : watford have agreed to sign tottenham and brazil goalkeeper heurelho gomes on a one-year contract on july
i don't know where she lives lol
my birthday ish already next week o.o !
rt : rafa nadal is now -1 at roland garros lifetime . ' enough said .
love those two . ( not a fan of junie b . however . )
" : " : i'm going to put teamchill on my back " too late i already got it broham " we all eating
invite me . cec2ffe " : aku gnti pin saiki fer . "
rt : " who's your favorite model ? " " justin bieber " " but he's a sin ... " " i said justin bieber "
rt : you can get " good girls " if you preorder the album usa , canada and mexico :) yay ! xo
rt : h-1 jakcloth summer fest th anniversary mei - juni parkir timur senayan ....
rt : our little craic is in the hospital can we take a moment
did you know asheville used to be called morristown and it it was renamed " asheville " after north carolina governor samuel ashe ?
blueberry ** doughnut , don't ever get the name wrong on our blueberry friend lol
rt : xmen days of future past is definitely in my top ten movies
taha ko allah pochey ga .. zardari ke pics bhejta hae yeah machar :-p
can you follow me please ? ilysm x2
i canf do it until i get home i hope there are tickets left when i get home
ctfu why that make you laugh
you should make a playlist of all the miles mashup :
rt : the baskin robbins ice cream soda has as much sugar as fudgesicles .
it would be like falling over in a tesco , tesco shutting down & asda taking over the property , then suing asda for it yrs later ..
reall ,.. what's going on with that whip ,? you getting another one
rt : ariana always takes the most gorgeous selfies , so jealous of her
lol its not anita lmap
rt : is madhu kishwar managing kiran bedi's twitter account or is it the other way around !
so damn proud to serve as orali bbg 's chapter mazkirah this term !
i have so much respect for hijabis , trying one on made me realize so much
rt : everybody !!! i present you .. luhan abs !! * rip luhan stan . very . adorexonly -y-
intense cardio tomorrow nazak breathing shall make a return
thank you i've been trying this since :45 lol again thank you
the rolling stone kembali gelar tur pasca kematian l'wren scott
this is what happens when your an adult with your own money at a dave and busters lol
i'm going to vote for shakira no matter what
ok i'm in the car , just waiting for you be
getting real jaunty this morning with chocolate blueberry protein pancakes
the way cory sticks w/ lea & the way the casts always steps forward at the end of don't stop believing makes me sad as fuck okay
i'm at austerlitz golf resort ( slavkov you brna , czech republic )
fuck sia i at home keep practice then look at ms kelly face i jiu can't liao sia t t__t t
aww safe flight can't catch you guys today maybe later when you will depart back to kor . have fun
please please please like no why would you even start this trend there is no need for it
rt : marquinhos ' agent is in advanced talks with barcelona , and a deal for the psg defender looks close . ( source : globo )
avi in contemplation of imovie - so versus transplantation avi en route to imovie/imovie'08/imovie'09 ? : fqauwh
i'm online if you ened to talk about it during or after
please babe can you pick me ? x5
segar mata aku dey why i can't do anything about chemist essay aigooo
rt : dressing room shenanigans ! with harry styles
my brother ! dottie's on sarno on friday ! congratulations youngin !
kesip qm juudh ma q :(
how can very expect zee to be fair when its head is seen in bjp campaigns .
what you trying do .. direct message me fam
rangera hearts hibs falkirk etc wonder who's next to come back up
rt : when you mad at bae
rt : that was a dope fight rt : sasuke and itachi vs kabuto
upload success !!! apink - mr. chu ( dance practice ) hd done !
handing out the jaggery for my water special at on the southbank
you ain't fucking you ain't sucking , what you doing hoe ??
: loctite -ounce plastic syringe epoxy extra time gel loctite ...
