bruh get out yo feelings lol
rt : manan dund xaragdax ter uuliin oroid minii aav xezee neg cagt zogsoj baisan ... photo by
why dese niggas think dey doin summn
it's about more than number bruh , and i'm not talkn about statistics i'm talkn about skill level
yes omg i dont want him feeling unappreciated or stuff like that
lmao the whole time actually .. we need to start our own team " : yall were wilding last nigjt yoh :d niya ja "
rt : saying " kau aku " with couple is actually sweet .
k michelle met yo match that fonk
rana samaha , ignore all the criticism . a spotlight can never see the shadows anyways you're flawless
boko haram : shettima warns nigerian leaders over politicization of chibok abduction - "
rt : and in that moment , karma realised she was hella gay for her bestie
not you cuz you chillen wit me
kardashia kardashian died bc her ass was too big hahah
niggra summation classified directory : high grille for the online game : atd
lexx lil cute ass woke up mad as hell lol
green day , paramore , yellowcard , fall out boy
" : is that minho beside taemin ? " omo ~ looks like him o.o
rt : smtown artists with exo d.o.
photoset : flintandpyrite : ume , by andrea rangel [ knits for spring ]
cause thats gonna happen .. lol
need to revisit their thameslink bid . the moorgate route closed years ago .
icons da demi sem psd no the x factor x8
u dun . im da king of sweg
haha thats funny , but not every girl is darlin '
rt : imran khan saying really true about pmln
and you'll always be my heros who can always make me smyle even when i " m in the sadest mood ever xxc
lol what he trippin on
rt : xabi alonso just achieved stratospheric heights of coolness .
lmaoo my fault yo ima let you get your shine
" : james and i say hi with a dog tenerezza omg
hawt like " omg can my husband please look like you or can i have your babies "
rt : i miss goin to mansion elan ery wkeend . im finna start back goin doe
facts bro this babyface ain't helping nothing lmao
can i have him yet orrr noo . ughh
rt : hyoyeon yuri nd day kobe by rebecca
crowdfunding roundup : a late spring flowering of projects : every week , tuaw provides readers with an update o ...
mayweather needs to fight paquiao
that would be ammmazing im actully excited to see what it will look like . so its happening when the lawn area get done ?
" : lol who bouta come way out there come get me & bring me bck we'll come " lol . i forgot you moved . canal then .
lol .... " apple forgets to renew ssl certificate , breaking os x software update "
ik id rather someone unfollow me than mute me like what
ohhh my poor zac take good care of urself ~ ~
kimberley walsh confirms cheryl cole's britain's got talent appearance : contactmusic . comkimberley walsh confir ...
rt : exo is practising for concert
lol you still in school shutup
he wants to get bigger than parth lmfao
rt : chanyeol is so caring . omg be mine pls ;;
nothin just chillin , imy you don't fuck with a thug nomore lol !
udah lama nda " how about it , how about that .. "
lol ik i just took them real quick i wasnt thinkin the order
daily follower . unfollowers . justunfollow doesn't miss a trick -via
im gonna do it after graduation lol
rt : second time this shit crashed on datpiff , so we on soundcloud with it
: genji sports pop up family beach tent and beach sunshelter genji sports pop up fami ...
titan baseball beats brv to advance to county championship tri tomorrow pm .
rt : jumpseat radio : combat ready firefighting with tony kelleher repost
i added a video to a playlist plg | sensual toribash ep . let's tango
: wildfires turkey feather fletching for archery arrows diy pheasant feathers for arro ...
where the mj though ? lol
. luke hemmings from sos , i love u so much , pls follow me . you are everything to me . please !!
dude you never gave me the kik or snapchat
you'll sea ? lmfao oookay bean eating headass .
morning exercise paakyat ng thunderbird
i love u phil of the future i love everything abt you
rt : nao superei ainda this is for niall e vcs
rt : wara man talaga forever niyata ano una mo imortal ka ? hahahahahahhahaha
hot music : mariah carey - meteorite ( q - meteorite ( q-tip's version ) mariah carey q-tip has ...
ohh i feel you haha
so is writin a book about jay z and beyonce ? tellin someone else's " secrets " for money . shows how low some people will stoop
fast forward to june pls para makapag ipon na hahahahahah lol
thank you liam for asking louis what flavour harry is im so jskcosnxoancoamxis ahhhhh salt and vinegar
rt : don't take it personal kid . caroline wozniacki breaks silence on rory mcilroy breakup
rt : boakwon ig update with exo and suju siwon & donghae
" : more n forehead ft . hyuk " thanks for that <3
spiderman carnage mask rb lom ama ongkir ready stock
rt : runnin with who do u think is faster
nicki minaj slick went from brownskin to lightskin over the years
rt : if u don't fuck wit dunny gage then fuck ya life
" : last day of school gon have ppl like ... "
the . bad pastor . impostors so loves a lottle to jesus the people can intercesion for he for the soul peole wilshire itq
hehe . stay strong . k swim sauna post work now beer . work tomorrow .
terserah :( " exoffical_ : suho gave a teddy bear and took a selca with a fan : < "
rt : tazz needa quit it wit that last quote lol she don't live that life
why the fuck did i think i was scheduled today ? am i on crack lmao wut
my top artists : girls aloud ( ) , christina aguilera ( ) & kylie minogue ( )
how he top scorer and the offense aint around atleast him lol that dont make sense ... that mean he jackin then lol
rt : kompany going up to yaya toure after he found out he wanted to leave
first class thing ! see wizkid and banky w having fun on plane(photos ) via
the old bargin giant would make a good entertainment centre
nah you too ! dont lovey dovey on the stage with chan hyung ! fighting !
she is still president so whatever she says is valid " : section sikugwirizana ndi zomwe jb akukamba apa shaah "
finally a perf header of bae
i'm laughing what the heck hi tarra omg how are you sparkles
rt : [ preview ] suga at haneda airport ( cr . bts7thheaven )
tamara deja de rt las cosas nenaaaaa a
rt : exo won best selling korean act in wma ! omg . congrats boys !
rt : makeup , bras and tampons should be free . i didnt choose the vag life . or to be ugly . wtf
always had a thang for them hood niggas . slowly growing out of that tho .
rage and symphonic orchestra prague - all this time lirik dan terjemahan
david coulthard from at the beginning of the program in the kitchen looks like gordon ramsey xd
rt : sean , darragh and i , in croke park ! unbelievable weekend !
carcillo is the epitome of jabroni .
:30 and im still feelin it
ahahaha i tagged the wrong person lmao
haha :) . please dont cry cause if you start so will i :(
brewers pitcher yovani gallardo delivers walk-off double to beat orioles
rt : nows when i wish i had a bae ugh
rt : niall on stage at croke park -
last night the pdx gang enforcement unit was prowling near trader joe's . looking for the nob hill crips ? glisan st. locos ?
halaaa ! diba you're from italy pa ? awww :( hahaha .
photo : whatdoiwear : maison martin margiela resort collection photo : style
cdfu his cousin which is my brutha
uofl coach walz becomes asst . coach for u-18 fiba team - , ky ....
im down , just wondering how ima get there . lol cuz i get off at .
jst calm down babygirl . im bout to text you .
hope yah have fun gettin your blood work done i didnt .. and ps its freezing in there
bramblewood : adorable n . raleigh ranch !
rt : niall at croke park tonight !
rt : demi lovato vs ariana grande rt for demi fav for ariana
niall !!! niall !!! niall !!! how are you ??? it would mean soooo much if you followed me please ilysm ekxh
falaknuma exp started on /04/2014 reached its destination hwh and was mins late
i don't know if its you are the whisky got me feelin all tipsy tipsy
rt : it all wrked out niall .
i realy nid start meetin new people tho
rt : rp . sekalian openheart for yeoja single . follow gua dulu , gua autofollback /8
oh shizz , ill take you to france one day no worries . f linda
rt : chanyeol picked kyungsoo up in his arms at the end of xoxo good lord help me
there's a mini shoutout to you in my newest vid . :d
rt : lmfao this suho banner deserves an award
going back to homestay d ..
rt : lana just snapchated me i cant bre a theeeekeofofwn im so happylgovo & ; kf
neva trust a gal u took from another nigga
my uncle doesnt particularly think gay marriage is a good idea nd he doesnt liek immigration nd even he said he doesng like uk/ip my hero
injured cook out of second odi : england captain alastair cook will miss sunday's second odi against sri lanka ...
hahahah yalla i think it's easy .... regardless :d
idk , i've never played lol i could be
whoever hurts a member of a horan family hurts everyone . get better greg . ily
rt : sean , darragh and i , in croke park ! unbelievable weekend !
rt : if bae doesn't lurk your tweets , bae is not bae .
wag na haha okay lang yun no ;))
he talkin bout yhu shit face
: mm part magnetised anodized aluminium pollinator metal herb spice grinder mm ...
looool my yute u nuh ntn bought me yeeer !
rt : why do you wearr that during a reherseal i dont get ur point sehun talk to me
rt : check out " mj feat . tommy redding she a bad chick " by mj the great -
thotler im not talking about you lmao
mnl orang gini . i lazy nk gaduh alrdy . haha zzzzz
mari kita bongkaran ( at w/ others )
praise god . galing ng nangyare kay lance .
im glad of his wallpaper *_* haha
" : million followers wow :) thanks guys , that's freakin epic ! i love ya x " it shouldn't have taken this long aww
perghhhh air laut macam air kat swimming poooollll !!!
atletico madrid complete signing of ' new sergio aguero ' angel correa ( so , will he play in the new kit ? )
st thang st you gotta to be ceo " s
pokes moving on to the natty against bama tomorrow ! gooch j'n putts
i find he has a good sence of humour and enjoy his tweets ,
rt : free ebook : naia the witch by carmen parets luque . free /28-6/2 !
rt : on a scale of to bhuth jolokia on the scoville scale , how much burn is lk advani feeling right now ?
khloe kardashian -- posing to prep for kim's wedding : khloe kardashian high-styled it outside paris friday ......
what the actual __ is the new profile . hashtag done with ur ish twitter
ne lives by her rapper name tho yg young greedy * hits crip walk
[ listen ] [ spotify ] sip slow - " fly and previs "
i liked a video duke dumont - i got u ( official video ) ft . jax jones
hahaha idk leh , dont keep ur hopes up too high for that free meal tho : i
lol there is " : there is no being " part time sfebe ""
rt : henrik lundqvist ties mike richter for most playoff shutouts in rangers history with
rt : can we please havr a merch jacket that says team niall on the back
rt : okay livestream na with pao in awhile . nakakamiss !
salam . dont you think it has been a very long time since we communicated ? i've even sent u my mobile no n bah ? hope u r all fine
rt : i'm a dogg . she a dogg too .
rt : all these people favoriting and retweeting me , but no one sliding in my dms ??????
hahaha loved that x
rt : sriracha plant no longer considered public nuisance , irwindale council dismisses lawsuit
three spsl south teams - puyallup , bethel and beamer - in wcd softball semifinals .
dated . may . dn jai dep l :00 m hakeem inam ul haq jahania
[ official ] daum music bar : " tea time with apink " :: naeun
rt : nev my nigga ! the producer like goddamit nev !
rt : feelin this .. what do u think ? catchy ?
nike stefan janoski digi floral size with free digi floral large shirt
bruh i just called your number and a mexican lady answered lol
rt : clay buchholz placed on -day dl
diarmuid o flynn " eliminated but a great campaign " . votes .
rt : wall n presta kkkkkk
luke robert hemmings . why wont u follow me ? im trying so fucking hard !!!
im not i swear to god i texted back last
rt : msl !!!!!!!!!!! take a -1 ecf series lead !!!!
rt : kilian jornet is the zegama champion in h48m40s !!!! new course record !!! congrats !!!
so it was the coach game plan that caused him to airball that reserve layup ? foh
kaggs when u comin to liverpool ? so i can b away like ?
ok , i've been in a cave , but this is worth watching : lip sync battle w . j . gordon levitt , s . merchant & jimmy fallon
" you shocked me throught and throught ! you melted my heart ! "
meron kang the fault in our stars ? pahhheerraamm
rt : see a fuck nigga shoot a fuck nigga
bukit bintang in the morning :d
rt : little mix sold out the o2 arena theyre not little muffins anymore theyre the whole fuckin bakery
" : this has gotta be the sweetest neighbour in singapore !! credits to " omg such neighbour
not at all sure but perhaps tvj or cvm or rjr ? don't know .
my dream last night has finalised the deal with cesc lol
dont utter a word abt otherwise viru sir will kill u :v lol
... second most permanent foreign policy of any state . hamari jagah nepal bhi yahi karta .
rt : " no to kpop " is number trending worldwide because kpop stans theirselves tweet that . well yeah
youre hot and beautiful as fuck a9lan youre human its not your job to be " perfect looking " everyday golelhum yaklo teben xoxoxxo
hahhahahahaha me and rio have to walk to the quay from mold hahaha
astaghfirullah . ham to farrukh bhai ke shehar islamabad ja rahe hain :p
rt : snapchat bffs will always getcha into a pickle
oh to the my to the god , ohmygod ... hahaha
openfollow for rp help retweet guys*19
rt : sayeng ' vuldemurt ' out lowd cuz ur an sassy wezird who ca'nt be tamed .
this is beautiful thx so much lololol
: just herbs ayurvedic pimple treatment kit just herbs ayurvedic pimple treatment kit ...
ehh ehh wait wait ~ jap kenal ain ?
i will go with u ... whr we meet ?
nowplaying rocky balboa - migos feat . peewee longway
lakala me voy a dormir pq soy nene buen
espera eu me trocar e pegar algo p comer
did i photobomb adrian or did he photobomb me
i liked a video jhene aiko performs ' the worst '
nauso po ang quote tweet . learn to use it .
rt : gusto mo ng shoutout & followback ? tweet " save aina " x35 and retweet if done .
- listen to skepta dissing wiley when man had the white hat on freestyle xtra jheeze never forget that youtbe video
idk what was more impressive pg24 finally going off or dwade hitting three pointers .
rt : to all my weequahic seniors yall better kill the toast off today
new video filmed by me don d x big o x shot by hunnit filmz :
rt : person is typing .. person is typing .. person is typing .. person is typing .. person is offline * seret muka dekat dinding .
narendra modi arrives in his bullet proof bmw , arrives before am and will now meet pakistani prime minister
lol biggest flop ever . he's up there with adam morrison lol
" dreams are essential to life . " anais nin
late night crusing with big bro bok and daedae
i haven't got time to give it lessons lol just use adultwork
blizz devs say their sexed up characters aren't " sending a message " -
rt : hu dat hu dat i g g y
oh god idk but i could eat all there corn bread and mashed potatoes ! lmao and there pies ! nom lol
rt : sos ' opening song is eighteen oh ym gdo
rt : rt : beasiswa bisnis di aston university uk , mau ? :) ~
yes yall are but yall just keepin it on the low but its cool im not gone tell no one yall touch my butt earlier
my thirsty ass tryna take a nap right now lol , i mean i go home at ???
i fuck witchu , borderline stuck witchu
. he can't as he is soon going out . abdullah abdullah expected to be prez
they should make avengers ft . the punisher . animation series pun power sudah !
i know right ? melampau kot
black still quil nem coming rt : who at yo house
" watch dogs is gonna be so much better than gta " lol : " watch dogs is gonna be so much better than gta " lol
hahha eh yung the way manamit ? uhmmm
what even is the word bae it's so fkn dumb
lmao you think i'm going to get tickt off ? lmao
i done fuckin with these viv girls
no all the dark homies got flustered cuz i used the n word towards kenn and joe lmao
jaylin : this one is interesting , because it's probably where : jaylin
i didnt get home until like past am last night and went to bed at am lmfao otl
i checked in at swsh shabu shabu on
" krugman on levitt on healthcare " free = rationed
you're the second person who said that haha you also okay ma still step smoking on snapchat
a life size poster of arsene wenger for your bedroom wall !!!!
haha ! lol ... " : please please nana , dont call me boss again . please !! "
" : got my tix for mtl ! " sweet . see ya there
a1 ) international matrix sim a2 ) upto minutes a3 ) unlimited data access ..
hahaha even the friends u think u have say you're a douche
nizamabad passenger started on /05/2014 reached its destination nzb and was mins late
rt : watching episode haha " man's makin tea wid his own piss " quality
rt : " zouis are bad influences im leaving the fandom "
rt : " while everyone said " ne1 " chanyeol said : snsd are my seniors so i will vote for them pmsl
rt : million followers wow :) thanks guys , that's freakin epic ! i love ya x
: under armour kids ' ua clean up low rm baseball cleats under armour kids ' ua clean u ...
music alert ! deitrick haddon - raining r.e.d. ( feat . clareta haddon-jackson ) on , the home of great gospe
rt : feelin this .. what do u think ? catchy ?
rt : [ trans ] suho is crying and now fans are chanting " dont cry dont cry "
i was slightly inehbriated when i switc hed to new twitter how do i undo this
i know alot friendly ass nighas but act hard ,...
rt : vous aimez ? do you like this ?
" : fav this and ill indirect you but youll have to guess which one is yours unless ur brenna bc ill add her name in hers "
rt : omfg this storm wtf
being alone didnt mean that you didnt have any friend
rt : we rememberin and prayin for those that gave tha ultimate sacrifice . god bless em . they with our savior jesus !
rt : that ronaldo pk was such an arod home run type of goal
rt : " omg can atl and sos tour together !! "
mmm speechless " : get down noma kunjani lol " : ndinani_ hay dear u strong going out kule weather ""
ok gan ntar ane sundul lg
bae's lookin right today too lol
i want to watch law and order svu not law and order criminal intent . t
scrolling through twitter and hashtags is not market research ;) x
now spinning elephant man - shizzle my nizzle on union squad radio tunein or winamp app's
replied au :d " : tyaa cek dm yaw wkwk "
rt : mamodou sakho starts and captains france in their world cup warm up match against norway tonight . good luck sakho . gv
retweet this n vote !
jst read a tweet and it made me say ew
certified scrummaster ( csm ) - augusta , ga
rt : [ engsub ] xoxo exo lay camera ( part ) ( part ) trans by double est
not even drew barrymoore was naked or when cameron diaz danced in her underwear lmfao
rt : yosh followers instagram promo follow instagram : rb via pulsa xl proses -2 hari pin : b806641
rt : happy satnite all . gue mau for western rp . only ya ? *
some say i'm trifling sometimes i rightfully am , but idgaf imma leave u rite where u stand
you should have asked people to checkbox their privelege . or their privilage . or their priv[any vowel]l[any other vowel]ge .
rt : for all kpopers esp . elf exostan bana army starlight . jfb juseyo ~
" go talk to your side niggas . " -side nigga .
acura tsx jdm oem style clear fog lights , switch
rt : selfie : eden hazard uploads a selfie with his belgium team-mates !
htc one s t-mobile clean esn imei good for activations rooted no os
: lieder ohne worte ( songs without words ) , book , op . : no . in e flat major , op . /1 : lieder ohne wort ...
awwww good luck to her :) :) get selfies x
meilleures ventes - : izak of lapland : izak of lapland maya angelou ( auteur ) , l ... store
if young thug gay ... i guess kanye & asap rocky gay too lol just b/c somebody wanna be different . they gay ? lol
but who is this tatted lightskinned trey songs lookin mf ?
i was real angry . no one is taking my bae and my theoretical baby from me hehe
rappers really think they can do anything lol swinging at money mayweather
idk you & all you do is be an asshole in my mentions lol . how you tryna be my friend acting up
ain't that the true ! if i was habs coach i be swearing worse than a sailor hahaha
diaporama : after seen a fan shaking a banana at him x
rt : lookin for bae with my ..
clonedvd studio free avi to ipod convert
delhi daredevils last won at sharjah on -4-2014 , since then have lost consecutive games ( all in india & at feroz shah kotla )
i just saw a prettier version nicki minaj :)
boroko haboyo and there's so much trash i'm thinking about , i can't study . wena ? rt : ha o robale ?? kaygeo
good night lmfaooo this hw shit aint working for me .
if i cnt afford the real deal , i ain't buying nuffin fake .. i just won't have it
rt : * on a roller coaster * other people ; " ahhh ! wooohoo ! " me : " holy shit . omg omg omg omg omg i'm gonna die!'
rt : desain kamar cewek manis - nice girl teenage room design ideas
rt : i keep telling u niggas ... lifting weights don't teach you how to fight . lol
sneak diss man thats gonna hurt you
yay so much fun . jk
rt : gah dazzling girl jonghyun is more dazzling than any girl
hapi birthday my lovely angel , nd i wish u long life nd prosperity ........ nd wish u all d gud tinz dat life has offer .
tips to tell your friends or office mate that he/she has deadly body odor ang baho mo teh !
rt : bullshit if jb wasnt band there is no way in hell they will be
rt : i feel like i been gettin all the signs to fall back and that's exactly what i'm bouta do wit oomfs
testi from my lovely cust {} thank u dear !
niggas get mad when they lose and start taking shots lol
the lookin like the tonight ... but u better not count the out yet tho .
sell chicharito , keep welbz & put him on legt of -3-3 he says he likes that but not left of -4-2
jessica snsd doesnot like fruit , and her phobia with cucumber
lol they give no fucks . they out there trying to out thot each other . " : fab out there calling yall thots lol "
. j&k ppl have suffered inspite of & not due to lack of art which provdes protection to pol ldrs on issues of accountability .
who gets rejected from mcdonalds ? lol
rt : when u see bae tweeting someone else
r u sure it was not optimus prime on one of his after party runs ?
search for on twitter and instagram for more pictures ! rechercher des lancomegrandiose sur ...
t : viafo_share_twitter r : -05-26t :33:04 . vsg share
hapi sunday my special people around d global ..... grace for u all .
im abt to type it up
the weeknd x montreal
rt : hq - niall no palco :
rt : tf was i thinkin
i'm at momo cha milk tea & cafe ( bekasi ) w/ others
rt : our first cancer survivorship compendium for healthcare providers
your future are good ! keep it up melanie . make it happen ! aku doakan :)
la smooth dipsomaniac be sensible of in order to sharepoint under way ipad : kky
rt : westbrook basically lebron when he hot
im good hbu ? :) btw we always talk and everything but idk your name :(
: sodo tek tm replacment ac adapter power supply for hp photosmart e-all-in-one printer + required power ...
tetap salut untuk atletico . simeone won my heart , no matter what the final result !
rt : dont forget to wake up for salah
can you open the link and read this ? te amo camila mi amor x40
congrats & omg !!! thank u thank u !!!!
a little bit of days lol xd yessss lol
ticketless but i dont care
rt : dis fu fu lame shit i ain't wit it .
rt : masso wants the d
rt : dari -9 lcw comeback -16 respect
yes i am hehe . ofcourse unnie ! what are your fandoms btw ? :)
rt : tryna get in touch with kapala and help him out
lmaoo he went super saiyan
omg i still know that vas happenin song lyrics its been like years omg
rt : im just happy theres no school on monday tbh
i hate u rt'd that and made me click on their bitch ass page .. lol
lol , yay me . how's the little ones ??
grand cafe sante avenida de los boliches , , fuengirola . the home of the famous ' apple strudel '
webpage marketing using seo , backlinking and ppc management , visit us today !
rt : i am hardwell - hour hd liveset giveaway : via
the bff is moving closeeee to mee you know that means turnup ;)
" : this is the real zayn malik that we love and know "
miller takes fourth walk-off loss as skid hits nine .. redsox mlb
i'm at the chocolate bar ( kuwait city , hawalli governorate ) w/ others
rt : " rain is a good thing " lol do u not remember last year ???
story of my lifeee haha
rt : demi lovato with fans outside itv studios in london - may th
rt : [ preview ] luhan xiumin mbc idol futsal championship ( cr : loveholic )
rt : dressin room shenanigans ! with harrystyles
rt : if bae can't roll bomb ass blunts then that's not bae
feela good to be me lol
okay im going to help you . first , take a selfie . then .... runnn !!!
salute to my bae for serving our country and lookin sexy doing it
back to reality . meh ( cyberia townvilla )
hs biggest fan is camila cabello
rt : udah malem , for rp sampe limit wkwkwkwkwk
smh , lol i heard them talking to you .. but no fr i was sleep .. they kept , saying something about andrew lol
rt : bom's reaction after lee hi does aegyo ! too much bom ? lol
do not talk to me when im listening to bachata . plz & ty .
rt : idk why samantha aint wifed up yet . she would be the perfect girlfriend . she'll roll the weed and grab your booty .
rt : <3 love is in the air nananana na hahahaha
rt : i hope today : no moodbreaker . no fake people . yes moodbooster . :)
marketwatch first take : apple needs beats deal to revive itunes marketwatch
rt : dont trust ebay bruh
kahli tryna join the fam
rt : aww hoya's video message to seo in guk to support his fanmeet in taiwan
hiiii i have a doctors appointment so im missing some classes :) wuddup .
ahh ofc bbo !! i'll let you know when i get them ~
rt : new dubstep from me comin out in like minutes , retweet this for awareness !!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol .. u funny ,. u know u not on that list .. i only trust bout people .. and ur
rt : rt for justin bieber fav for the dolce and gabbana model
she gon see by this time next year , we gon kill it .
boys r fuckin idiots forever dont listen to them
ang boring mo axel , tulog na zzzz
how are bestfriends so kind and say really meaningful stuff to each other lmao when i see my bestfriend im like sup fatass
rt : for rp . retweet jsy
nah ima be in the lexus prolly why wassup ?
i want some god damn serena and darion relation but theyre like , nah son , u aint gettin any
rt : my type is hot boys that look like homeless meth addicts but still take showers everyday and arent actually addicted to meth
no lol d wade is my favorite player but he's just cocky about everything
bizarre that my school friend is dave marsden & has the in this exact same colour
rt : -just timberlake -david beckham -liam payne aka the triplets
baby coming back for you one day haha i love this song ahahahaa
hahaha go settle that craving . goodnight . c u when i c u
invite me to ucr when beyonces there yaaass
days episode wad vvvvvvvv good thanks not showing barkat really pissed off wid her
rt : found it : tht nigga swerving the whip
and im and i have a htc g
idc il put za selfie after exam when im in the mood
lol i'm actually eating curry shrimp n rice as we speak
rt : pagi for rp . bantu retweet
up goin to the th okc don't wanna win this one
rt : dressin room shenanigans ! with harrystyles
rt : im just carried away .. so many epal athar
mehehhe | days before nashlene's th anniversary | we're proud of sharlene | jailene loves you
rt : i live for james francos dirty unshaven selfies
i say wateva cums to mind dats jus how i am so if u dnt wanna hear it dnt listen or ask for my opinion
im % sure that im as healthy as a bear so ur loss
: kobe bryant , phil jackson , shaq shaquille o'neal , gary payton , and karl malone nba los angeles lakers x10 ...
haha wat u doing thou
happy th birthday yu yin !!! hope you have a great day :) andd happy anniversary !!!
rt : if u don't get a selfie before u go out then ur no even out
" bitch i'm m from tecs sus "
scottish labour unable to stop ukip winning eu seat in scotland .
rt : sarah silverman took xanax a day as a -year-old .
aap myth will be broken in next assembly polls : udit raj - zee news
i screamed so freakin ' loud when a bug flew on my shoulder . uggh . eww . :|
field update from riaz khalil : " americares rehab work in region for seven health facilities is % ...
rt : top singles da semana : ellie goulding - beating heart :
traffic update : as of :45 am , along chino roces from gil puyat to a . arnaiz ( m ) , opposite direction ( lm ) .
rt : for rp . jfb yaa
rt : you're only allowed to make fun of justin bieber if you're a belieber sorry .
" : " : " : . that mammaye song u always sing " dnt even knw d song " are u denying ur locale nw ?
mxm giving out money u don't have ! hai ! worst or best feeling ??
rt : " : is stunning in this " thx celine ! happy friday !
hahah mere texted me this and she's like " they're outside calling your name "
" : hahahah ya im not a drinker anymore " lies
waitin to watch xmen - days of the future past .. :)
its better than starving bruh " : wht if i tell u ur certificate will only put food on ur table ? and not make u really rich "
[ official ] shinee official site update special message from onew
boyfriend : gale best friend : frodo from : london who you are katniss everdeen
rt : with actor presly chapa for buy and direct download online , netflix
rt : fav : let's take a selfie on your phone you : cherry mobile lang bh3 e
rt : yao ming assembling group of chinese investors to make a bid on ros angeres crippers .
shes dead ... no shes not ... is she ? i dont know geoff !!!
ya moms was sweatin me the otha day lol
wine pon it , bruk it off ! do di , bend yuh back and touch yuh toe .
: apple ma254ll/a , w magsafe power adapter ( for macbook and -inch macbook pro ) ap ...
no i dont follow back accounts that i wont speak to , as you can tell , i only follow back phan or atl accounts sorry
i've heard , but i would like to try it for myself before passing final judgement lol
chisaki was my fav but then miuna got awesomer
rt there has not been a player under as good as waynerooney since i became a manager here in . -- fabio capello mufc
that sounds pretty nice tbf . but seriously ... where you gettin it ?!
new love mei mm ultra thin metal bumper case for htc one max t6 $9.50
branford , ct coastal wx data at :00 overcast - mist outdoortemp - f hum97 pct avg windspeed mph - e
rt : my family doesn't even know i do a shit ton if meth haha
kaos cupcake , orenjy , dll . idr rb . cek . reseller welcome . pin : a98eebc
: gopro flat + curved adhesive mounts gopro flat + curved adhesive mountsby gopro155% ...
inf : gwyneth paltrow : celebs facing ' dehumanizing ' web comments almost like soldiers in war : t ...
so kanye is now officially a kardashian ?? this couple is is just nonsense lol
rt : ' ive been writing down facts about me , just incase i forget ' michael clifford
rt : lol ay makalahlwe nyan " : is she sleeps with her mouth open "
a bird really shat on me as i was about to tweet smh
brassard is back centering for pouliot and zuccarello , miller joins fourth line with boyle/dorsett , d . moore centering nash/kreider
rt : zayn & louis is still a worldwide trend ? guys just let it go ffs im pretty sure we all tired of this issue
hell yea ., i might watch u watchin doe
lol bet & nigga wat u do wit the nd blunt u had rolled saturday ?? we never smoked it
dont speak in english i'm panic you know what i mean ;) hahahaha
rt : shailene woodley drawing love
rt : camikum . openfollow for rp ye baru balik dr long hiatus > < retweet jsy
thankyou man , i need to ask around to see if anyones seen it i really need it back x
acesse o wings of tech :
rt : i got money my bitch bad my niggas loyal n i associate wit real niggas .. i'm da real mvp !!!
lmao nigga was selling a walker , only on th
sawtell temperature c , wind ssw knots , rain mm , humidity % , dewpoint
boutta ice my achilles again before i go to slp
d famly gone wild here he is still a cupcake niall and selena zayn & louis
we have this love/hate relationship hahahaha ( x
he looks like some bad boy wtf wtf wtf wtf wtf wtf i didn't ask for this
robertson v . state of indiana , /28/14 : a successful batson challenge !
narendra modi`s cabinet : list likely to be sent to president today : with stage set for narendra modi`s swearin ...
epson workforce wireless all-in-one color inkjet printer , copier , scanner , fax , ios/tablet/smartphone/airprint c
come o ... is it dat god has left us & d church facebook ? hav u noticed how people now bring all dia prolems ,...
rt : zayn enjoying the roller coaster that is life :) x
ewa man gd ni akong utok maka think ug things oi bullshit
something tells me you're subtweeting creekview ?
rt : jelena is a bitch lol .
nope i searched bangtan during pre-deb because of baromxkookie resemblance l o l
yh but there are opinions n being biased
u bout to get turnt up again ??? lol
haha yeah you're tellin me ! like yay sex but no sex bc that's the devil . ( it's a christian wedding )
the offspring - want you bad : venga le digo ...
if you woulda gave me a ticket i woulda !
tweets about d cryme ?
since year my crush on ashanti aint left lmao
man henny will change yo whole fuccin life cuh !!!
im so hungry but idk what i wanna eat
(( it's really boring tbh . lol . they also put on some jokes but it is still corny . lmao ))
: ambi pur volution plug in device device only ambi pur volution plug in device dev ...
kearny garage door kearny , nj % discounts on all type of garage door kearny garage doors & openers
check out guilty crown x figure strap color colle shu ouma inori gai ayase tsugumi new via ebay
[ bot ] minho laughs loudest from all shinee members , and taemin is the quietest
rt : unfollow me please " : y'all think spongebob ever beats gary ? "
uan : well dressed , acts cute tmh : wears punk clothes , acts dorky wwa : badass clothes , dick grabbing , hip thrusting
now playing : capital cities - safe and sound ( markus schulz vs . grube & hovsepian remix )
rt : chanyeol suho sehun from tonyselznick ins
rt : be careful you don't ' comment ' ' like ' ' retweet ' ' repost ' and ' selfie ' your life away .
whenever you trynna go to game stop today lmk
rt : beasiswa utk bassist di musicians institute hollywood usa :d
rt : - france ifop projection : fn % ump % ps % udi-modem % eelv % fdg %
rt : playing with lego's when i got home from school > watching dragonball z
rt : this is inhumane zayn malik is not a human he is zayn malik
and again .... gnocchi cakes with broccoli rabe . eating vegetarian at work today . eataly nyc
wtf is wesley's icon i mean i know what it is but wtf
rt : half a million in my duffel bag ! now i'm ridin in my duramax .
omg can i just say your icon one youre pretty and your shirt i want i want
rt : when u accidentally open a convo you were avoiding
nicki minaj - high school ft . lil wayne
we are -2 third map and matty goes afk lul
rt : [ fantaken ] zelo loe taiwan ( c . cherry blossom | do not edit )
final tmr and we never had ams or hw so how much we get in this is the total we get ever ..
rt : i don't get involved with people still obsessed w their exs
lol bc everyone in our group chat heard loud music near all our houses & thought there were a ton of ragers but really it was just smf ....
rt : nengok wayeee ( golden screen cinemas ( gsc ) - w/ )
rt : best on screen chemistry to klaroline . cuz klaus will be her last
im adding this in for all the pepl how like jack the killr
rt : watford have agreed to sign tottenham and brazil goalkeeper heurelho gomes on a one-year contract on july
i dont know where she lives lol
my bday ish already next week o.o !
rt : rafa nadal is now -1 at roland garros lifetime . ' nuff said .
love those two . ( not a fan of junie b . however . )
" : " : ima put teamchill on my back " too late i already got it broham " we all eatin
invite me . cec2ffe " : aku gnti pin saiki fer . "
rt : " who's your favourite model ? " " justin bieber " " but he's a sin ... " " i said justin bieber "
rt : you can get " good girls " if you pre order the album usa , canada and mexico :) yay ! xo
rt : h-1 jakcloth summer fest th anniversary mei - juni parkir timur senayan ....
rt : our lil craic is in the hospital can we take a moment
did you know asheville used to be called morristown and it it was renamed " asheville " after north carolina governor samuel ashe ?
blueberry ** donut , don't ever get the name wrong on our blueberry friend lol
rt : xmen days of future past is definitley in my top ten movies
taha ko allah pochey ga .. zardari ke pics bhejta hae yeh machar :-p
can u follow me pls ? ilysm x2
i canf do it until i get home i hope there are tix left when i get home
ctfu why that make u laugh
you should make a playlist of all the miles mashup :
rt : the baskin robbins ice cream soda has as much sugar as fudgesicles .
it would be like falling over in a tesco , tesco shutting down & asda taking over the property , then suing asda for it yrs later ..
reall ,.. wats goin on wit da whip ,? u gettin another one
rt : ariana always takes the most gorgeous selfies , so jealous of her
lol its not anita lmap
rt : is madhu kishwar managing kiran bedi's twitter account or is it the other way around !
so damn proud to serve as orali bbg 's chapter mazkirah this term !
i have so much respect for hijabis , trying one on made me realise so much
rt : everybody !!! i present you .. luhan abs !! * rip luhan stan . v . adorexonly -y-
intense cardio tomorrow nazak breathing shall make a return
ty ive been trying this since :45 lol again ty
the rolling stone kembali gelar tur pasca kematian l'wren scott
this is what happens when your an adult with your own money at a dave n busters lol
im gonna vote for shakira no matter what
ok im in the car , just waitin for you b
gettin real jaunty this morning w chocolate blueberry protein pancakes
the way cory sticks w/ lea & d way the casts always steps forward at d end of dont stop believing makes me sad af okay
i'm at austerlitz golf resort ( slavkov u brna , czech republic )
fuck sia i at home keep practice then look at ms kelly face i jiu cannnot liao sia t t__t t
aww safe flight can't catch u guys today mybe later when ull depart back to kor . have fun
pls pls pls like no why would you even start this trend there is no need for it
rt : marquinhos ' agent is in advanced talks with barcelona , and a deal for the psg defender looks close . ( source : globo )
avi in contemplation of imovie - so versus transplantation avi en route to imovie/imovie'08/imovie'09 ? : fqauwh
im online if you ened to talk about it during or after
pls babe can u pick me ? x5
segar mata aku dey why icant do anything abt chemist essay aigooo
rt : dressin room shenanigans ! with harrystyles
mah brotha ! dottie's on sarno on friday ! congrats youngin !
kesip qm juudh ma q :(
how can v expect zee to b fair when its head is seen in bjp campaigns .
whatchu tryn do .. dm me fam
rangera hearts hibs falkirk etc wonder whos next to come back up
rt : when u mad at bae
rt : that was a dope fight rt : sasuke and itachi vs kabuto
upload success !!! apink - mr. chu ( dance practice ) hd done !
handing out the jaggery for my wada special at on the southbank
you ain't fuckin you ain't suckin , what chu doin hoe ??
: loctite -ounce plastic syringe epoxy extra time gel loctite ...